When discussing planning algorithms,
there are two important properties that we like to talk about.
The first one is called completeness.
And this means that if a solution exists through the multiplying problem,
the planner will find it.
And if a solution does not exist,
the planner will terminate and report that no solution exists.
So, consider the following two situations.
In the first one, the complete algorithm might correctly identify this as a solution.
and the second one,
the algorithm would terminates and tell us there is no solution.
Now, there may be something bothering you
about the solution identified in the first example.
Which brings us to the second property, optimality.
A planning algorithm is optimal if it always
return the sequence which minimizes some cost function.
So if we're using total distance traveled as a cost function for example,
then this would be an optimal solution while this would not.